# Multiple-Linear-Regression
SAS program for the example of weights, heart girths and heights of young bulls
# Output explanation
The first table is an ANOVA table for the dependent variable weight. The sources of variation are Model, Error and Corrected Total. In the table are listed: degrees of freedom (DF), Sum of Squares, Mean Square, calculated F (F value) and P value (Pr>F). It can be seen that F = 9.78 with a P value = 0.0288. Under the ANOVA table, the coefficient 
of determination (R-square) = 0.830156 and the standard deviation of the dependent variable (Root MSE) = 11.81164 are given. In the next two tables F tests for h_girth and 
height are given. Here the F values and corresponding P values describe the significance of h_girth and height in the model. The first table is based on the sequential (Type I SS), the second on the partial sums of squares (Type III SS). The sequential sums of squares are sums of squares corrected on the effects of the variables preceding the observed effect. The partial sums of squares are sums of square corrected on all other effects in the model, and indicate the significance of a particular independent variable in explaining variation of the dependent variable. The same can be seen in the next table, in which parameter estimates (Estimate) with corresponding standard errors (Std Error of Estimate), t and P values (Pr > |T|) are shown. The t value tests whether the estimates are significantly different than zero. The P values for b1 (h_girth) and b2 (height) are 0.1034 and 0.0368. Since P values are relatively small, seems that both independent variables are needed in the model.
